6.3.0 Plugin Release Notes (#769)
128technology/docs: docs/plugin_cloud_ha.md

The internal state machines wait for the `peer-reachability-timeout` after every health status before considering the node unreachable. The timer is reset if a health report is processed before the timeout expires.

> When the HA Agent determines that a node must become active, the first active redundant interface's mac address and the list of configured prefixes are sent to the API Agent's appropriate REST endpoint. The HA Agent changes the provisional status of the configured `redundant-interface` to **Up**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the HA Agent determines that a node must become active, the first active redundant interface's MAC address and the list of configured prefixes are sent to the API Agent's appropriate REST endpoint. The HA Agent changes the provisional status of the configured `redundant-interface` to **Up**.
```

### Azure Load Balancer Config Generation

> If the `solution-type` of a group is `azure-lb`, then the plugin will generate services and service routes to route the http probes down into the `cloud-ha` interface for the Azure Load Balancer API Agent to respond.

Author: Sorry my editor removes whitespace on save so thats why these spaces/tabs were removed. it shouldnt impact formatting i dont think

> If the `solution-type` of a group is `azure-lb`, then the plugin will generate services and service routes to route the http probes down into the `cloud-ha` interface for the Azure Load Balancer API Agent to respond to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `solution-type` of a group is `azure-lb`, then the plugin will generate services and service routes to route the http probes down into the `cloud-ha` interface for the Azure Load Balancer API Agent to respond.
```

Below is a sample running configuration for a node and a service.

:::info

> Use the following configuration as an example only - it should not be used on a system as is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration is an example only - It is not for use on a system.
```
